c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\Planning.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\Planning.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\Planning.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\ShowWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\App.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\ShowWindow.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning.g.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\Planning.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\EditWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Release\EditWindow.baml
