c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.g.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\ShowWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\ShowWindow.baml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\EditWindow.g.cs
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\EditWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.exe.config
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\Planning.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\EditWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\ShowWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\EditWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\ShowWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.g.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Planning\Planner\Planning\Planning\obj\Debug\Planning.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
